# code-for-paper-faglocRs

Title of the paper:
> Full automorphism groups of large order of compact Riemann surfaces


# Folder layout

    .
    ├── code               # GAP scripts used in the paper.
    ├──  results           # output generated by GAP.
      ├──  maximal         # results concerning maximal signatures (Section 4).
      ├──  non-maximal     # results concerning non-maximal ones (Section 5).

# Results stated in the paper

## Section 4 Full automorphism groups acting with a maximal signature

There is a table containing presentations for groups acting with signature (0;+;[-];{(2,s,t)}) on Riemann surfaces. The key point of the proof is that:
- each group is finite.
- it acts with the given signature (the orders of generators and their pairwise products correspond to the periods).
- the subgroup generated by the products of pairs of generators has index 2.

For each signature there is a file named "maximal_group_2_s_t" in which these claims are proved. They are generated using the script "maximal_group.gap". It also provides basic information about the group itself: order, structure...

## Section 5 Groups acting with non-maximal signatures

Theorems 5.1 to 5.7 state that for each of the thirteen signatures discussed -three in cases (a) and (b), six in case (c), depending on some parameters, and one in case (d)-, there is a group acting with that signature on a Riemann surface, not the full group, and also a 
group acting with that signature on a Riemann surface as the full group of automorphisms. For some of them, an explicit presentation for an infinite family of groups is derived.

Extending groups and families: the code for each case and pair of values is in the script "extending_case_x_t_u_infinite_family.gap", and the results are discussed in the file "extending_case_x_t_u_infinite_family" (or "extending_case_x_t_u.gap" and "extending_case_x_t_u" when only one group is presented). 

Non-extending groups and families: the code for each case and pair of values is in the script "non-extending_case_x_t_u_infinite_family.gap", and the results are discussed in the file "non-extending_case_x_t_u_infinite_family" (or "non-extending_case_x_t_u.gap" and "non-extending_case_x_t_u" when only one group is presented).
